This course is about the tool you are going to use
to write a good suite of tests, JUnit.
JUnit is a simple, open‑source framework to write and run repeatable tests.
And it's a simple framework indeed.
Using the API JUnit provides,
you write a class to test some assumptions of another
class or method of your application,
which is usually known as the subject under test.
When the test runs, JUnit tells you if those assumptions succeeded or failed.
In terms of the API,
JUnit 5 is more an evolutionary rather than a revolutionary release,
at least in comparison to JUnit 3 and JUnit 4.
The main change of this version is it's architecture.
Unlike previous versions of JUnit, JUnit 5 is composed of several
different modules from three difference of projects,
JUnit Platform, JUnit Jupyter, and JUnit Vintage. This is a big change. Let's talk about it.